README.md, before:

# Serial monitor

## Releases

## v1.1 [download](https://github.com/jokam85/serialmonitor/releases/download/v1.1/serialmonitor.jar)
* data sending
* new line separator
* data sending on enter or as typed
* sending history
* BUGFIX using swing timer instead of thread for GUI update
* BUGFIX clear input field when "check as you type" option is enabled

## v1.0 [download](https://github.com/jokam85/serialmonitor/releases/download/v1.0/serialmonitor.jar)
* simple textual console monitoring
* remember interface state and settings in user folder
* all possible baudrates
* autoscroll

## Planned features (TODO)
* lock history entries (prevent them frome being cleared)
* command shortcuts
* history maximum number of entries (FIFO)
* organize code better
* display connection status
* display errors when sending fails
* display errors port fails to open
* flush window content to file
* apend to file
* pattern recognition (highlight or show only pattern)
* display special chars
* RTS, CTS...
* executing external programs on pattern recognized
* autoconnect to new port if not connected
* binary data (byte separation)
* limited and configurable console window content
* settings menu
* move to stream API
* chat mode
* sniffer (passthrough mode)
* copy/paste

Commit message:

Added screenshot and description to README.md

README.md, after:

# Serial monitor

Yet another serial port terminal written as a replacement for Arduino serial monitor. 
It features a history of sent commands so they can be easily resent on doubleclik without 
need to retype them. It can send text as a line (press enter or click "send") or as a stream of characters 
as you type them.

At least [Java JRE 8](https://java.com/en/download/) is required to launch this application.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jokam85/serialmonitor/master/docs/Screenshot_1.jpg)

## Releases

## v1.1 [download](https://github.com/jokam85/serialmonitor/releases/download/v1.1/serialmonitor.jar)
* data sending
* new line separator
* data sending on enter or as typed
* sending history
* BUGFIX using swing timer instead of thread for GUI update
* BUGFIX clear input field when "check as you type" option is enabled

## v1.0 [download](https://github.com/jokam85/serialmonitor/releases/download/v1.0/serialmonitor.jar)
* simple textual console monitoring
* remember interface state and settings in user folder
* all possible baudrates
* autoscroll

## Planned features (TODO)
* lock history entries (prevent them frome being cleared)
* command shortcuts
* history maximum number of entries (FIFO)
* organize code better
* display connection status
* display errors when sending fails
* display errors port fails to open
* flush window content to file
* apend to file
* pattern recognition (highlight or show only pattern)
* display special chars
* RTS, CTS...
* executing external programs on pattern recognized
* autoconnect to new port if not connected
* binary data (byte separation)
* limited and configurable console window content
* settings menu
* move to stream API
* chat mode
* sniffer (passthrough mode)
* copy/paste
